c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\SundooqLanding.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\SundooqLanding.pdb
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\obj\Debug\SundooqLanding.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\obj\Debug\SundooqLanding.pdb
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\obj\Debug\SundooqLanding.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\SundooqLanding.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\SundooqLanding.pdb
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\obj\Debug\SundooqLanding.dll
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\obj\Debug\SundooqLanding.pdb
E:\Current\SundooqLanding\SundooqLanding\obj\Debug\SundooqLanding.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
